[pthon_essentials] Adding context managers (with statements) (#253)
QuantEcon/lecture-python-programming: lectures/python_essentials.md

print(out)
```

> We can also use `with` statement to contain operations on the file within a block for clarity and cleanness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can also use a `with` statement (also known as a [context manager](https://realpython.com/python-with-statement/#the-with-statement-approach)) which enables you to group operations on the file within a block which improves the clarity of your code.
```

Reviewer 2: This sentence is too long and uses "which" twice.

Please remember that there must always be a comma before which.  ("...within a block, which...")

"We can also use..." is the start of the previous sentence in the file so it's better not to reuse it.

```{code-cell} python3
with open('newfile.txt', 'a+') as file: 

    # Adding a line at the end 
    file.write('\nAdding a new line')

    # Move the pointer back to the top
    file.seek(0)

    # Read the file line-by-line from the first line
    for i, line in enumerate(file):
        print(f'Line {i}: {line}')
```

> Note that we used `a+` mode (standing for append+ mode) to allow appending new content at the end of the file and enable reading at the same time.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```{note} 
We used `a+` mode (standing for append+ mode) to allow appending new content at the end of the file and enable reading at the same time.
```
````

print(out)
```

We can also use a `with` statement (also known as a [context manager](https://realpython.com/python-with-statement/#the-with-statement-approach)) which enables you to group operations on the file within a block which improves the clarity of your code.

```{code-cell} python3
with open("newfile.txt", "r") as f:
    file = f.readlines()

> with open("output.txt", "w") as fo:

Reviewer: @HumphreyYang should block be indented to be in the open file context?

        for i, line in enumerate(file):
            fo.write(f'Line {i}: {line} \n')
```

> ```{code-cell} python3

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we use `with` here, given that we just recommended it?

fo = open('output.txt', 'r')
out = fo.read()
print(out)
```

We can write the example above under the same context to reduce redundancy

```{code-cell} python3
with open("newfile.txt", "r") as f, open("output2.txt", "w") as fo:
        for i, line in enumerate(f):
            fo.write(f'Line {i}: {line} \n')
```

> ```{code-cell} python3

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we use `with` here, as above?
